nothing else that can not be that now
we have more people who tell us the
books when I
hello welcome to my channel the words
from find you tube
I am fa and today we have an infinite challenge
with Alberto opened with books and with
boards
welcome to another day of life is the day
number 37 is the number 7 of life and
I'm a little proud the truth is
developments that are no longer anything then
today as I finish them we follow the challenge
infinite that we are going to be doing
throughout the month with more race and
I want to clarify that I ended up as three
that they will be seeing themselves having three
more collaborations of this type then
I already have the board of those three but not
I'll tell you who they are, I'm going to
say the numbers are similar in what
number will be left to Alberto but not
against whom I flag then I am very
happy as is my channel you can start
because if not the respect between two
looking for the mestalla layers cities
to ask harry potter and the camera
secret of harry potter impressed is
karan harry potter and the philosopher's stone
harry potter the relics of death
the night that would be the Quixote the saga of
the normal person books in women
I feel the heart of the world
in game
cannes chepita attention to the
secrets of the universe
to
world layers
What is it
I panicked
and I know what happens to verse 16 to see
What's up
a light is the new eclipse dawn the
second life of bree tanner harry potter
and the philosopher's stone harry potter and the
secret camera harry potter the
prisoner of azkaban harry potter and the
chalice of fire harry potter and order
of the phoenix harry potter and the mystery of
prince 'or mestizo principle then
star the comedy the metamorphosis the
metamorphosis on the night that the
Don Quixote the blood books from me
normal personal wall
the good grams and split nothing all come
to this day a comedy as I said
I do not know the odyssey and the iliada
30 but I do not know if you repeated 1 on average
so much of this human being when what
we recorded so much
and look what happened and I did not know that
nobody knew that's all through our ear
today your infinite does not work thanks for
come to release the infinite challenges
do not forget to go see the video we made
in the alberto channel that we are going to see
Well, we're going in a little game with these
things
what is this about
and so and well, thank you for watching
the month of life and I hope we keep seeing
the rest of the medium I hope everything goes
ok pagá of the patience edition
I 'm still very proud of you
imagine totally
remember that you see me tomorrow and I
they see the comments
and
Hello